MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Sebastian Ulrich

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

Notice of Third-Party Dependencies:

This project includes dependencies that are licensed under different terms. 
The following dependencies have licenses that may impose additional restrictions:

1. **Certify**: Licensed under the Mozilla Public License 2.0 (MPL-2.0)
   - URL: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/
   
2. **owlready2**: Licensed under the GNU General Public License 3.0 (GPL-3.0) 
   and GNU Lesser General Public License 3.0 (LGPL-3.0)
   - GPL-3.0 URL: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html
   - LGPL-3.0 URL: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html

Please ensure that you comply with the terms of these licenses when using, 
distributing, or modifying the code from these dependencies. 

---

Disclaimer:

The list of third-party dependencies which impose additional restrictions
provided  above may not be exhaustive. There may be other dependencies included
in this project that have different licensing terms. The licensing of these 
dependencies may also change over time. You are responsible for ensuring 
compliance with the licenses of all third-party dependencies used in this 
project. Please refer to the respective license terms as indicated in the 
project's documentation, `requirements.txt`, and `package.json` files for 
a complete and up-to-date list of dependencies. For any legal concerns or 
detailed license information, it is recommended to consult a legal expert.
