# General
This is the directory for the server code.
- server.py is the actual server code. It is a REST-API implemented using flask.
- its Endpoints provide the Editor and general functionality which is also used by the Editor.
- test_server.py tests the functionality of the provided Entpoints
- ontology/ manages the ontologies present at the server
- static/ hosts the html, js and css files generated by the "client" project representing the Editor WebApplication
- in batchml_schemas there are the Batchml Schema definitions as xsd as well as the generated mappings to enable the Editor quick creation of valid Batchml files

# Generating new xml schema mappings
In case a new Version of BatchMl-Schema is released the new mappings can be created using Java
In the server folder run following command:
    
`java -jar batchml_schemas/jsonix-schema-compiler/lib/jsonix-schema-compiler-full.jar -generateJsonSchema -d batchml_schemas/mappings batchml_schemas/schemas/BatchML-GeneralRecipe.xsd`

The file "batchml_schemas/mappings/org_mesa_xml_b2mml.js" will be generated. Sadly the file musst be sligthly edited manually just the same way as org_mesa_xml_b2mml_edited.js is and copied over to "client/src/components/create_xml".

More detailed the following changes have to be made:
The file must only contain the variable  which is defined in the "org_mesa_xml_b2mml_Module_Factory". Everything else can be deleted. The file should look something like this. 
```
export var org_mesa_xml_b2mml={
    
    *acutal data of the object*

}
```
